I'm not the only one who rebelled
If he is really you
Then why are you the only one here today?
Other law protectors and six commanders
Why haven't they all come?
You only have two possibilities
Or you found a fake shopkeeper
Hijack the Son of Heaven to order the princes
Or the head of the upheaval at the top of the temple
No one is listening to you
Nonsense, is it nonsense?
If you go back and ask, you will know
How is that possible?
Hahahahaha
It's really vulnerable
You put all your energy into it
Put it all on the owner
And I used the resources of the temple to keep going
My skill
The grass is above you
The position of the shopkeeper
It's me.
No matter how deep the rain is
Working with you is my best choice.
Ye Tianci
I don't know what craft you used
Let Feng Luan testify for you
But today you don't have anyone to rely on
To hell with it.
Brother Qin Ru, do you still want to help him?
He's run out of options.
Use your brain
Shouldn't have made such a wrong choice
You are wrong, my godfather saved me
From start to finish
I am both Ye Tianci and our wives
I will never watch him have an accident
unless
You step over my corpse
in the end
It turned out to be 10,000 people protecting our person in charge, Ye Rulong
If you really kill
You will be damned